docs: update docs (#33)
ariga/atlas-provider-hibernate: README.md

# atlas-provider-hibernate

> Use [Atlas](https://atlasgo.io/) with [Hibernate ORM](https://hibernate.org/orm/) to manage your database schema as code. By connecting your Hibernate models to Atlas,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [Atlas](https://atlasgo.io/) with [Hibernate ORM](https://hibernate.org/orm/) to manage your database schema as code. By connecting your Hibernate entity classes to Atlas,
```
